introduction 
Congratulations on your purchase and welcome to Philips! To fully benefit from the support that Philips offers, register your product at www.philips.com/welcome. 
general description
	Cutting unit  
	Zoom wheel adjustment ring  
	On/off button  
	Charging light  
	Trimming comb  
	Beard comb (HC7450/80, HC5450/80 only)  
	Adapter  
	Socket for small plug  
	Brush  
	Case (HC7450/80, HC5450/80 only)  
	Comb (HC7450/80 only)  
	Scissors (HC7450/80 only)  
important 
Read this user manual carefully before you use the appliance and save it for future reference. 
Danger 
- Keep the adapter dry. 
Warning 
	-  The adapter contains a transformer. Do not cut off the adapter to replace it with another plug, as this causes a hazardous situation.  
	-  This appliance is not intended for use by persons (including children) with reduced physical, sensory or mental capabilities, or lack of experience and knowledge, unless they have been given supervision or instruction concerning use of the appliance by a person responsible for their safety.  
	-  Children should be supervised to ensure that they do not play with the appliance.  
Caution  
	-  Never immerse the appliance in water or rinse it under the tap. Only the cutting unit can be rinsed under the tap.  
	-  Use, charge and store the appliance at a temperature between 5°C and 35°C.  
	-  Only use the adapter supplied.  
	-  If the adapter is damaged, always have it replaced with one of the  original type in order to avoid a hazard.  
	-  Do not use the appliance if the cutting unit or the trimming comb is  damaged or broken, as this may cause injury.  Electromagnetic fields  This Philips appliance complies with all standards and regulations regarding exposure to electromagnetic fields (EMF).  
general 
	-  The appliance is equipped with an automatic voltage selector and is suitable for mains voltages from 100 to 240 volts.  
	-  The adapter transforms 100-240 volts to a safe low voltage of less than 24 volts.  Charging  Charge the appliance fully before you use it for the first time or after a long period of disuse. It takes approximately 1 hour to fully charge the appliance. When it is fully charged, the appliance has a cordless operating time of up to 75 minutes (HC5450) or up to 120 minutes (HC7450/80).  Note:After charging the appliance once fully for the first time,you can also use the appliance directly from the mains. Simply connect the appliance to the mains.  Charging indications  Battery low indication  
- When the battery is almost empty, the charging light starts to flash orange. 
Charging 
- When the appliance is charging, the charging light flashes green. 
Battery fully charged 
- When the battery is fully charged, the charging light lights up green continuously. 
Note: After 30 minutes, the charging light automatically switches off. 
Charging the appliance 
	1  Make sure the appliance is switched off.  
	2  Insert the appliance plug into the appliance.  
	3  Put the adapter in the wall socket.  
	4  After charging, remove the adapter from the wall socket and pull the appliance plug out of the appliance.  
optimising the lifetime of the rechargeable battery 
When you have charged the appliance for the first time, we advise you to use it until the battery is completely empty. Continue to use the appliance until the motor almost stops operating during a session.Then recharge the battery. Follow this procedure at least twice a year. 
using the appliance 
The hair length settings are indicated in millimeters, the comb cuts the hair to a length of 1mm to 23mm.The settings correspond to the remaining hair length after cutting. 
When you trim for the first time, be careful. Do not move the trimmer too fast. Make smooth and gentle movements. 
Tip: Start trimming at a high length setting and reduce the length setting gradually until you have reached the desired hair length. 
trimming with comb 
1 Attach the comb onto the appliance. 
2 Turn the adjustment ring to the desired length setting. 
Note:When you trim for the first time, start at the highest length setting to familiarise yourself with the appliance. 
	Switch on the appliance.  
	To trim most effectively, move the trimmer against the hair growth direction. Make sure the surface of the comb always stays in contact with the skin.  
trimming without comb 
Use the trimmer without the trimming comb to clip hair close to the skin (0.5mm) or to contour the neckline and sideburns. 
Be careful when you trim without comb because the cutting element removes every hair it touches. 
	1  Push the comb off the appliance.  
	2  Switch on the appliance.  
Make well-controlled movements.Touch the hair lightly with the trimmer. 
using the beard comb (HC7450/80, HC5450/80 only) 
The hair length settings are indicated in millimeters, the comb cuts the hair to a length of 1mm to 23mm.The settings correspond to the remaining hair length after cutting. 
	1  Attach the comb onto the appliance.  
	2  Turn the adjustment ring to the desired length setting.  
	3  Switch on the appliance.  
	4  To trim most effectively, move the trimmer against the hair growth direction. Make sure the surface of the comb always stays in contact with the skin.  
Cleaning 
Never use scouring pads, abrasive cleaning agents or aggressive liquids such as alcohol, petrol or acetone to clean the appliance. 
Never immerse the appliance in water or rinse it under the tap. 
Note: Only the cutting element and the comb can be cleaned with water. 
	1  Make sure the appliance is switched off and disconnected from the mains.  
	2  Wipe the housing of the appliance with a dry cloth.  
	3  Remove the comb and clean it with the brush or rinse it under the  tap.  
	4  Press the release button (1).The cutting unit comes off the appliance (2).  
	5  Clean the cutting unit with the brush or rinse it under the tap.  
	6  Clean the inside of the appliance with the brush.  
Never immerse the appliance in water or rinse it under the tap. 
	7  Shake off excess water.To reattach the cutting unit, insert the lug of the cutting unit into the guiding slot.  
	8  Insert the lug of the cutting unit into the guiding slot (1) and push the cutting unit back onto the appliance (2).  
replacement 
Only replace a worn or damaged cutting unit with an original Philips cutting unit, available from authorised Philips service centres. 
	1  Press the release button (1).The cutting unit comes off the appliance (2).  
	2  Insert the lug of the new cutting unit into the guiding slot (1) and push the cutting unit back onto the appliance (2).  
ordering accessories 
To buy accessories or spare parts, visit www.shop.philips.com/service or go to your Philips dealer.You can also contact the Philips Consumer Care Centre in your country (see the worldwide guarantee leaflet for contact details). 
Environment 
Do not throw away the appliance with the normal household waste at the end of its life, but hand it in at an official collection point for recycling. By doing this, you help to preserve the environment. 
The built-in rechargeable battery contains substances that may pollute the environment.Always remove the battery before you discard and hand in the appliance at an official collection point. Dispose of the battery at an official collection point for batteries. If you have trouble removing the battery, you can also take the appliance to a Philips service centre.The staff of this centre will remove the battery for you and will dispose of it in an environmentally safe way. 
removing the rechargeable battery 
Only remove the rechargeable battery if it is completely empty. 
	1  Disconnect the appliance from the mains and let the appliance  operate until the motor stops.  
	2  Press the release button (1) and remove the cutting unit (2).  
	3  Insert the screwdriver between the motor unit and the back panel of the appliance. Press down the screwdriver as far as it will go  
	4  Tilt the handle of the screwdriver downwards (1) and separate the back panel from the appliance (2).  
	5  Remove the side panels. Pull the bottom part of the printed circuit board with the rechargeable batteries attached from the appliance.  
	6  Cut the wires to separate the rechargeable batteries from the appliance.  
Do not connect the appliance to the mains again after you have opened it. 
guarantee and support 
If you need information or support, please visit www.philips.com/support or read the separate worldwide guarantee leaflet. 

